
Once upon a time, 


It all started one rainy evening as he was banging away at his computer He was doing an excellent job at it too!Talkin to his fellow gamers in a server of discord.  However, after awhile he got bored.Very creeped out that this story knows their name. Playing some Overwatch, wrecking some noobs. I was carrying my team on my back, as always.I'm a diamond player and they were all silvers.Some people didn't think the universe be like it is, but it do. He decided to start his own frozen yogurt shop and call it Microsoft. No copyright law in the universe can stop me! - he said. "Why not?" the universe replied. But, little did he know...

There was a kid in Software Engineering 1 who had no idea what he was doing. The lake was a long way from here. There was a man named Sam. He loved universe so much. But the universe was indifferent. Also, I still play Runescape and I'm 21.

A new day started A day filled with sunshine and happiness. Dragons were killing everyone  The result of which would shock the world. Winter is comming, Nothing burns like the cold. This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You take the blue pill - the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit-hole goes. Remember that all I am offering is the truth. He tried to take the blue pill, but there was a mix-up.  You would never guess what happened next. A bird crashed through his basement window!But that was okay with me.You would never guess what happened next. A bird crashed through his basement window! It was Errol, who had just recovered from hitting the Weasley's window. In bird culture, this is considered a dick move. He began to eat it with great ferocity. Chowing down on some pancakes and waffles.  No one would expect this. It was one of his favorite meals.I was finally there to sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air In other news, that's also why bears love honey. Since he didnt know what he was doing he failed the class. How amazing! Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.There is no hope What am I going to do next? I decided to become the most wild breakdancer on the streets. My street name was Stadium Blvd. I will beat all the breakdancers. And the smell was just fantastic.I'll be wearing my baggy tracksuit and high-top sneakers.Beetoven with almost certain probability was of African Descent! Beetoven with almost certain probability was of African Descent!This is what it feels like to be schizophrenic.Infact all people are of African Descent. 

It all started one rainy evening as he was banging away at his computer He was doing an excellent job at it too!Talkin to his fellow gamers in a server of discord.  However, after awhile he got bored.Very creeped out that this story knows their name. Playing some Overwatch, wrecking some noobs. Some people didn't think the universe be like it is, but it do. He decided to start his own frozen yogurt shop and call it Microsoft. No copyright law in the universe can stop me! - he said. "Why not?" the universe replied. But, little did he know...

There was a kid in Software Engineering 1 who had no idea what he was doing. No one knows from where he came, but many say his past still haunts him. The lake was a long way from here. There was a man named Sam. He loved universe so much. But the universe was indifferent. Also, I still play Runescape and I'm 21. Though they say the price of flax would never climb, I am certain they are wrong.

A new day started A day filled with sunshine and happiness. Dragons were killing everyone  The result of which would shock the world. Winter is comming, Nothing burns like the cold. This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You take the blue pill - the story ends, you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe. You take the red pill - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit-hole goes. Remember that all I am offering is the truth. He tried to take the blue pill, but there was a mix-up.  You would never guess what happened next. A bird crashed through his basement window!But that was okay with me.You would never guess what happened next. A bird crashed through his basement window! It was Errol, who had just recovered from hitting the Weasley's window. In bird culture, this is considered a dick move. He began to eat it with great ferocity. Chowing down on some pancakes and waffles.  No one would expect this. It was one of his favorite meals.I was finally there to sit on my throne as the Prince of Bel-Air In other news, that's also why bears love honey. Since he didnt know what he was doing he failed the class. How amazing! Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.There is no hope What am I going to do next? I decided to become the most wild breakdancer on the streets. My street name was Stadium Blvd. I will beat all the breakdancers. And the smell was just fantastic.I'll be wearing my baggy tracksuit and high-top sneakers.Beetoven with almost certain probability was of African Descent! Beetoven with almost certain probability was of African Descent!Decent doesn't matter though.

But enough with Beetoven, let's talk about Sofware EngineeringSoftware is hard to talk about so maybe lets talk about dogs.Actually, scratch that, let's not talk about itThis is what it feels like to be schizophrenic.Infact all people are of African Descent. Once There Is A Beautiful Girl lalala She Is An Angel From The Heaven  lalalal


The end.

